this first clip that you're going to see
is with Elizabeth Arden it's a photo
shoot that I did up in New York City
it's introducing a cologne that they've
sort of revamped Halston z14 it's a
still photo shoe but very cool day very
professional photographer a lot of cool
cars definitely a different look than
what you've seen me in in the past so
enjoy I know you know this is this
like I hope on Betty
lock light
I rented
horsemen
got the new let's call me Steve never
gave me the Steve McQueen look though
yeah I mean have you looked at my shoes
what why why am I even here
drop
that's my coffee while I can do it
yeah no doubt that's good right there
yeah that's variously this like that
happens
top work
it's hot baby is hot
dark breath
yeah I'm very excited about partnering
up with Austin seaport team you know I'm
already seeing great chemistry with me
the brand and the photoshoots going very
well so I hope that that can chemistry
continues on but very excited about the
relationship I'm gonna have it
you